crypto: Add nrf_cc3xx v0.9.16 (#850)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: crypto/nrf_cc310_platform/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_cc3xx_platform - 0.9.16
***************************

New version of the library with the following features:

* Added code-size optimized API for SHA-256 that has no limitation on where the input is stored (flash/RAM).

> * Fixed a bug where platform mutexes may end up unallocated if a context holding it is not zeroized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where platform mutexes ended up unallocated if the context holding them was not zeroized.
```

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_cc3xx_platform - 0.9.16
***************************

New version of the library with the following features:

> * Added code-size optimized API for SHA-256 calculation in RAM and flash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added code-size optimized API for SHA-256.
```

Reviewer 2: It's not clear what is in RAM/flash and it does not seem like an important detail anyway.

Author: It is a very important detail, as SHA-256 is not supported from FLASH in CryptoCell devices that doesn't have DMA acecss to flash

Reviewer 2: Okay, then it should be explicitly stated what exactly "calculation in RAM and flash" means.

Reviewer 2: Most calculations use a mix of RAM and flash. E.g. RAM for variables, and flash for code.

Author: Calculate is an established term in hash digest algorithms

Reviewer 2: It's the "in RAM and flash" that I feel is not clear what is meant.

Reviewer 2: Don't all calculations use flash and ram?

Reviewer 2: Perhaps:

Added code-size optimized API for SHA-256 that supports both hashing data that is stored in RAM and data that is stored in flash.

Assuming that is what is meant by "calculation in RAM and flash"

Author: Fixed

* Fixed a bug where platform mutexes may end up unallocated if a context holding it is not zeroized.

> Library built against Mbed TLS version 3.1.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is not a change.

Author: It is not a change-statement.

Reviewer 2: It's in the changelog.

Author: It is essential information, and this is a very accurate place for it. Won't change

Added
=====

> Added a new build of nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto libraries for nRF9160, nRF52840, and nRF5340.

Reviewer 2: It's stated here that a library for 52 is added.

But below we just add for 5340 and 9160.

Author: Will clean this up

.. note::

   The *short-wchar* libraries are compiled with a wchar_t size of 16 bits.

* nrf_cc312_platform, nRF5340 variants

  * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/libnrf_cc312_platform_0.9.16.a``
  * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/libnrf_cc312_platform_0.9.16.a``

  * No interrupts

    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_platform_0.9.16.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_platform_0.9.16.a``

  * short-wchar

    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_platform_0.9.16.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_platform_0.9.16.a``

  * short-wchar, no interrupts

    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_platform_0.9.16.a``

>     * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_platform_0.9.16.a``

Reviewer 2: Let's be consistent with the other library and use **

Author: Will do this
